# codeRunnerXZ

## Introduction
codeRunnerXZ is a command-line application that takes the absolute path of a C++ or Java file as input and runs the program in real-time. The application automatically detects any changes to the input file and reruns the program

## Prerequisites
CMake must be installed on your system. You can download the installer from the official CMake website: [cmake]( https://cmake.org/download/)

## Building on Linux
- Open a terminal and navigate to your project directory.
- Clone the codeRunnerXZ repository:

  ```bash
    https://github.com/kushagra1212/codeRunnerXZ
  ```
- Create a new directory called "build". This directory will be used to store the build files generated by CMake
- Run the following command to generate the build files for Linux:
  ```bash
    cmake -S . -B build
  ```
- Navigate to the "build" directory using the terminal:
  ```bash
    cd build
  ```
- Run the following command to build the executable:
  ```bash
    cmake --build .
  ```
- After the build process completes, you should see the executable "codeRunnerXZ" in the "build" directory.



## Usage ( Linux )
To use CodeRunnerXZ, navigate to the build directory and run the following command:
```bash
./CodeRunnerXZ
```
Then enter the absolute file path of the .cpp or .java file when prompted. For example:
Enter the absolute file path of the .cpp or .java file: 
```bash
Enter the absolute file path of the .cpp or .java file: /home/user/project/main.cpp
```
## Building on Windows
- Install Visual Studio 2019 Community Edition (or a - later version).
- Clone the repository to your local machine.
- Open the project folder in Visual Studio.
- In Visual Studio, open the CMakeLists.txt file and modify the compiler settings to use the MSVC compiler installed on your system. For example, change the line that sets the C++ compiler to:
- Configure and generate the project using CMake in Visual Studio.
- Build the project using Visual Studio.

## Usage ( Windows )
To use CodeRunnerXZ, navigate to the build directory and execute the codeRunnerXZ.exe:
